---
title: Group Personal Accident Insurance for Students
permalink: /general-information/for-parents/insurance/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: For Parents
---
<h3><strong><u>IMPORTANT NOTE FOR PARENTS</u></strong></h3><h4><strong><u>Overview</u></strong></h4><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All students enrolled in St Andrew’s Secondary School will be automatically covered under the Group Personal Accident (GPA) Insurance by NTUC Income. This is an insurance which covers death, permanent and total/partial disability and medical expenses due to an accident. The proximate or triggering causes of injuries must be reasonably attributed to an accident.</p><p>&nbsp;2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Parents/guardian will have to pay for medical treatments upfront, before submitting claims to Income Insurance Limited (Income Insurance) for reimbursement. Please note the applicable limits and coverage for medical expenses. Ineligible expenses or expenses in excess of the limits will be borne by the students/parents/guardian.</p><p>&nbsp;3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Parents/guardian should also take note that medical treatments at private hospitals will typically cost higher, and parents/guardian may need to pay more out-of-pocket expenses if treatment costs exceed the policy’s coverage limits.</p><h4><strong><u>Essential Information</u></strong></h4><p>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The following information are applicable to most injuries. For more information on other benefits relating to permanent disablement or death or policy extensions, please refer to this <a href="/files/MOE_Student_Product_Fact_Sheet.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">factsheet</a> .</p><p></p><h4><strong><u>Frequently Asked Questions</u></strong></h4><p>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How to make a claim?</p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Go to Income Insurance’s GPA portal at <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://studentgpa.incomegroupins.com.sg</a></p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Click on “New/Follow up Accident Claim”</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Select “New Claim” Under “Claim Type”</p><p>d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Complete online claim form</p><p>e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Upload tax invoice(s), receipts (outpatient/inpatient claims) and required documents</p><p>f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Confirmation email will be sent to parents or students, and school administrator</p><p>&nbsp;2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is the scope of the accident cover?</p><p>The GPA Insurance covers each student when that student is:</p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In his or her school;</p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Participating in the school’s activities, or any activity related to the school, including Home-Based Learning (HBL), Co-Curricular Activities (“CCAs”) and sports, regardless of the time at which such activities are conducted and whether the activity is conducted in the school, in Singapore, or elsewhere;</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Commuting from (or to) his or her place of residence, including a hostel, to (or from) either the school’s premises or the place where an activity covered by the GPA Insurance will be conducted, including any reasonable deviations. For the avoidance of doubt, the student’s place of residence may include a place that is not in Singapore.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What are the medical expense limits?</p><p>The following are the medical expense limits:</p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Up to $13,000</strong> for medical expenses incurred up to 365 days from date of accident, and with the following sub-limits:</p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Outpatient expenses</strong> (up to $2,150 with $400 sub-limit for treatment by Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) practitioners) for outpatient and follow-up medical treatments due to an accident including minor/day surgery at a clinic/hospital, physiotherapy at Specialist Outpatient Clinics (SOCs) in Restructured Hospitals or at any centres operated by the Singapore Sports Council, treatment by TCM practitioners and ambulance fees.</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Inpatient expenses</strong> (up to $10,850) for inpatient and follow-up treatments after hospitalisation due to an accident including daily room and board expenses (including ICU), capped at $120 per day, in-hospital consultation, surgery and expenses for other hospital services (e.g. X-rays, MRI, prescription, medical supplies, operating theatre.)</p><p>d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Reconstructive surgical expenses</strong> arising from an accident (up to $13,000) including medical consultation, test, surgical procedure and medical treatment before/after the surgery.</p><p>e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>Dental treatment</strong> expenses (up to $4,000) for outpatient, inpatient and follow-up treatments due to an accident including minor/day surgery at a clinic/hospital.</p><p>&nbsp;4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Does it cover medical expenses incurred months after the accident or after my child left SASS?</p><p>Medical expenses incurred up to 365 days from date of accident are covered subject to the sub-limits mentioned above.</p><p>&nbsp;5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is not covered?</p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Treatment incurred more than 365 days from date of accident.</p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Treatment for an injury not as a result of an accident.</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Private Physiotherapy or alternative treatment (e.g. chiropractor, herbalist, podiatrist, naturopathy, Ayurveda).</p><p>d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Non-prescribed medication or mobility aids (such as crutches, wheelchair, etc).</p><p>&nbsp;6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Are there any other things that I need to take note?</p><p>a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 1st treatment must be sought within 30 days from date of accident.</p><p>b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For accident overseas, the insured must seek treatment within 7 days of returning to Singapore.</p><p>c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; TCM Practitioners must be registered with the TCM Practitioners Board &amp; possess a valid practising certificate.</p><p>d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Private physiotherapy treatments are not covered.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p></p><p></p>