---
title: Secondary 1 Registration
permalink: /general-information/sec1ereg/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 Registration
---
<p>The Secondary One Posting results will be released on Wednesday, 20 December 2023, at 9am. Students do not need to report to the school upon receiving their posting results. Registration for all Secondary 1 students will be done electronically.</p><p>&nbsp;The details for e-registration and class allocation will be sent to parents via Parents Gateway on 20 December 2023, by 5 p.m. &nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;A virtual briefing will be conducted for students eligible to offer subjects at a more demanding level. The students will receive an Offer Letter from the school. Parents of these students will be notified via Parents Gateway to attend the briefing, before accepting the offer.</p><p>Details of the briefing are as follows:</p><p><strong>21 December 2023, Thursday</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>10am for students offered subjects at G3 &amp;</p></li><li><p>11am for students offered subjects at G2</p></li></ul><h4><strong>FAQs for parent /guardian</strong></h4><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong><em>How does my child /ward register for Sec 1 registration if I am not on board Parents Gateway?</em></strong></p><p>The link for e-registration will be sent to parents via email. Nevertheless, we strongly encourage you to come on-board Parents Gateway so that you may receive timely information such as school announcements and consent forms. You are invited to download the free Parents Gateway mobile app on your mobile phone (available on IOS and Android platforms only) and perform a simple one-time on boarding process.</p><p></p></li><li><p><strong><em>Does my child /ward still need to register via e-registration or report in person if he intends to appeal for a transfer to another school?&nbsp;</em></strong></p><p>If you intend to appeal for a transfer, your child must still submit his e-registration at our school and subsequently approach the school of your choice to request for a transfer.</p><p></p></li><li><p><strong><em>How do I know if my child/ward is eligible for Higher Mother Tongue / 3rd Language?</em></strong></p><p>If your child /ward is eligible for Higher Mother Tongue / 3rd language, our subject co-ordinator will be contacting you on the day of e-registration.</p><p></p></li><li><p><strong><em>How do I know if my child / ward is offered Subject-Based Banding subject(s) and what do I need to do?</em></strong></p><p>Students offered Subject Based Banding (SBB) subject(s) will be notified via Parents Gateway to attend a virtual briefing on SBB on the day of e-registration, before accepting the offer on Parents Gateway. &nbsp;</p><p></p></li><li><p><strong><em>Can my son/ward still use his Primary School EZ link card?</em></strong></p><p>Your son/ward can continue to use his Primary School EZ Link card till the new card is issued. Those purchasing Concession passes will need to purchase the concession pass for secondary school students.</p><p></p></li><li><p><strong><em>How can I apply for MOE Financial Assistance?</em></strong></p><p>If you wish to apply for financial assistance, download the application form for MOE Financial Assistance Scheme <a href="https://go.gov.sg/moe-efas" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a><em> . </em>Please submit the completed form , together with the supporting documents to the school’s general office.&nbsp;More information on MOE Financial Assistance can be found in this <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/financial-assistance" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a>.</p><p></p></li></ol><p></p>